Amended the wpcomsh plugin readme file. (#37901)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/wpcomsh/README.md

### Quick Start

```
# Clone the Monorepo somewhere locally
$ git clone git@github.com:Automattic/jetpack.git
$ cd jetpack
$ pnpm install
$ pnpm jetpack build --deps projects/wpcomsh

# Specify your development server and path to sync the code to your wp.org install 
$ pnpm jetpack rsync projects/wpcomsh USER@HOST:/path/to/wordpress/wp-content/mu-plugins 

> # From the root of a wp.org install

Reviewer: More specifically, from the root of the wp.org install you just rsynced to.

Alternatively, if we want to assume they're doing this directly on the server like the old instructions did, skip the rsync and have line 26 create a symlink instead.

Author: I wouldn't advise people to do it on the server directly, some servers can't handle the monorepo. But you're right, thanks.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
# From the root of the wp.org install you rsynced to (assuming it didn't already have wpcomsh installed)
```

Author: Yeah, that sounds good, thank you!

> $ mkdir -p wp-content/mu-plugins

Reviewer: If the rsync worked, the dir should already exist.

$ cd wp-content/mu-plugins

> $ cd jetpack/projects/plugins/wpcomsh

Reviewer: This won't work now. In the current context where we've rsynced the plugin, you'd just want
```suggestion
$ cd wpcomsh
```
(or simpler to combine this with line 25 as `cd wp-content/mu-plugins/wpcomsh`, but GH won't let me suggest that)

Author: Oh, you're right. I don't think we need it at all, because the next command is the symlinking, and it should be run in the context of `mu-plugins`, not `wpcomsh`.

# From the root of a wp.org install
$ mkdir -p wp-content/mu-plugins
$ cd wp-content/mu-plugins
$ git clone git@github.com:Automattic/wpcomsh.git
$ cd wpcomsh
$ composer install # installs the composer dependencies
$ cd ..

> $ ln -s wpcomsh/wpcomsh-loader.php ./ # or copy the loader to mu-plugins

Reviewer: You lost this step. Somehow creating a loader file in `wp-content/mu-plugins/` is going to be necessary, whether it's symlinking one like this or creating one from scratch.

> $ git clone git@github.com:Automattic/jetpack.git

Reviewer: Meh. The old instructions cloned the repo into `wp-content/mu-plugins` because the repo was the plugin. That makes less sense for the entire monorepo.

In the monorepo root readme.md, about running Jetpack from a monorepo checkout, we suggest cloning the monorepo elsewhere and creating a symlink to the `projects/plugins/jetpack` folder instead.

But note the bit about "you will see a warning on your plugins page if so saying that the Jetpack Monorepo is not a plugin" doesn't apply in wp-content/mu-plugins.

> $ cd jetpack/projects/plugins/wpcomsh

Reviewer: Should be no need for this `cd`, but it doesn't hurt either.

> $ jetpack rsync plugins/wpcomsh # specify your development server and path and copy the loader to mu-plugins,

Reviewer: Rsyncing here doesn't really make sense with the above instructions that are about directly cloning into `wp-content/mu-plugins`.

> $ # last step not necessary for development Atomic sites. 

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be referring to line 22, or line 25? If the latter, perhaps the blank line (line 24) should be above this rather than below it.

Either way, the leading `$` is weird.

```

To work on wpcomsh, you need a WP.org site and ideally the Jetpack plugin installed and connected to WP.com.

You will also need to go through [the Monorepo install procedure](https://developer.jetpack.com/docs/jetpack-development/developer-environment/)

1. Build the wpcomsh plugin using [the Monorepo tools](https://developer.jetpack.com/docs/jetpack-development/jetpack-cli/#build).

> 2. Then, either copy or symlink the `wp-content/mu-plugins/wpcomsh/wpcomsh-loader.php` file to `wp-content/mu-plugins`.

Reviewer: You're missing a step about either symlinking `projects/plugins/wpcomsh/` from your site's `wp-content/mu-plugins` dir or `jetpack rsync`-ing wpcomsh to the site.
